Your idea somewhat coincides with mine. Actually, I'm not ready to incorporate magic into this theme. I tried to design it in a way that monsters can be summoned, but I'm tired of the violent setting of battling cards. Regarding this, I am considering either making magic disappear or weakening the storyline of the game.

Secondly, I have an expectation when designing that students or children can use or build more complex decks as their mathematical knowledge progresses. This is also one of the reasons why I hope this game is a TCG.

My update plan follows roughly the same order as school teaching, starting with elementary mathematics and then moving on to higher mathematics. The latter part of it is beyond my own mathematical knowledge.

My plan is to update once a week, regardless of success or failure, for a period of 4 years. This is my ambition.

I have a particularly open attitude towards this design because it is currently just my hobby. I welcome DIY and open source. At the same time, I especially hope that experienced friends like you can help me promote and improve it.

Haha, let me share some interesting card ideas I came up with:

Rainbow Legend Card "Quantum Theory" - When setting a value card in the public lane, both sides can reveal two cards facedown from their deck, hand (for a total of two). The coin toss at the end of the game determines which card is used as the value.

Rainbow Legend Card "Formula for Victory" (the formula area of this card is all black) - This card can be used as any type of non-legendary card. Before using it, the player must write a formula in white pen in the formula area. This formula becomes the corresponding formula for this card ( meaning this card can only be used once). If this card is used to win the game, it will be given to the opponent.

...

I am usually busy with work, so updates may occasionally be slow. If you are interested in updates, I can communicate with you when there are new cards. If you have better ideas, you can also tell me. In any case, thank you for your reply, and I will seriously consider the issue of "magic".